Astro 1/24 release notes (#1782)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.9.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## January 24, 2023

### Additional improvements

> - You can now create new clusters in France Central for Bring Your Own Cloud installations of Astro on Azure.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ingress to clusters in the data plane is now limited only to IPs from the control plane. This change will arrive to all clusters over the next few weeks.
- You can now request custom tags for your clusters through [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). You can view your cluster tags in the Cloud UI by going to **Clusters**, selecting a cluster, and clicking **Details**. See [View clusters](view-clusters.md).
- You can now create new clusters in France Central for Bring Your Own Cloud installations of Astro on Azure.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.9.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## January 24, 2023

### New Workspace Home page 

When you select a Workspace in the Cloud UI, the **Home** page now appears first. On this page, you can:

- Check the status of your Deployments.
- Quickly access your most recently viewed Deployments and Cloud IDE projects. 
- View release notes for all Astro products.

> [Workspace home page in the Cloud UI](/img/release-notes/workspace-home.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Workspace home page in the Cloud UI](/img/release-notes/workspace-home.png)
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.9.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## January 24, 2023

> ### New Workspace homepage 

Author: ```suggestion
### New Workspace home page 
```

> ### New Workspace home page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New Workspace Home page 
```

When you open a Workspace in the Cloud UI, you now enter the Workspace **Home** page. On this page, you can:

> - Check the status of your Deployments at a glance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the status of your Deployments.
```

> - Jump back in to the Deployments and Cloud IDE projects you most recently accessed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quickly access your most recently viewed Deployments and Cloud IDE projects. 
```

> - View release notes for all primary Astro products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View release notes for all Astro products.
```

[Workspace home page in the Cloud UI](/img/release-notes/workspace-home.png)

> The previous default Workspace page is now accessible in **Deployments**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Additional improvements

> - Ingress to clusters in the data plane is now limited only to IPs from the control plane. This change will arrive to all clusters over the next few weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ingress to clusters in the data plane is now limited to control plane IPs. This change will be implemented on all clusters in the coming weeks.
```

> - You can now request custom tags for your clusters through [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). You can view your cluster tags in the Cloud UI by going to **Clusters**, selecting a cluster, and clicking **Details**. See [View clusters](view-clusters.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now request custom tags for your clusters by submitting a support request to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). You can view your cluster tags in the Cloud UI by selecting **Clusters**, selecting a cluster, and then clicking the **Details** tab. See [View clusters](view-clusters.md).
```
